do you rely on a pension fund will you
need it at some point in the future well
it's only a matter of time Pension funds
are unfunded liabilities which are being
eviscerated by those in control the
financial Monopoly has taken everything
you thought you were entitled to and
taking it all for themselves they are
laughing it up as you support their
corporations in these conglomerates you
never even knew what was happening all
along you came here for the truth today
we going to get into the situation with
the Pension funds how they're being
eviscerated how they're being looted
right in front of your face let's begin
with this article out of Bloomberg we're
talking about the biggest Financial
challenge in Illinois $130 billion of
debt to its worker Pension funds may
only get bigger thanks to the budget
that pulled the government back from the
brink now what do you do in any
situation well you steal from the future
and that's what they do they have
intergovernmental debt they take from
the future all the time you're talking
about unfunded liabilities and when the
government is pushed to the edge they
simply do what they've always done and
that is make big mistakes over and over
again that spending plan pushed through
by lawmakers eager to keep Illinois Bond
rating from being cut to junk allows the
state to sink deeper into the whole by
giving it five years to phase in
hundreds of millions of dollars in
increased
contributions that's never going to
happen it's never going to happen they
never increase anything except for
taxation upon you and I it's so silly to
think that people are going to get more
money into the future and just to think
about what the government does they cut
back and they cut back and they cut back
and we simply take it that's the way
this works it's all about getting
getting past this little hurdle oh just
get us past this little hurdle and
everything will be okay next year but
the stock market has done incredibly
well over these past few years
individuals have made a lot of money
from the stock market rise yet the
Pension funds are doing terribly well
the Pension funds invest in these stocks
and businesses and everything else
infrastructure and where are the results
well I assure you that the elite have
taken it upon themselves to take what's
owed to
you now let's cover a few charts here in
a moment I've got several to show you
beginning with this Illinois pension
debt grows and you could see that growth
in unfunded liabilities threatens the
state's fiscal stability and credit
rating well we know what the credit
rating is think about this for a second
you've had all these years of growth so
yes while in fact so around this point
here you would have excessive amount of
debt in every category financial crisis
everything's getting bad but what about
all the years of recovery when you look
at it from March 2009 onward there
should be after perhaps some sort of uh
correction in the stock market when it
had risen ever since what's going on
with the debt why wouldn't that be doing
better as a result why is this chart
going up when really it should be going
down well of course we know how this
works they have taken it from you if
that's your pension fund it's not your
pension fund anymore and people think
that no no no no they have to pay they
have to they don't have to do anything
they've been caught over and over again
taking from Pension funds they've been
caught taking everything from us how in
Cypress they took money from the banks
how they have been caught over and over
again with giving themselves T break tax
breaks and pulson taking a $200 million
tax break for himself they don't play by
the rules that that's the silly thing
that people think that well that rule is
in place so they have to do that
absolutely not well they should do it
but they don't it never works out like
that look at this you're talking about
now let me read this for you the 2015
the components of the net POS uh pension
liability of the employer were as
follows this is in the millions we're
talking here the plan fiduciary net
position as a percentage of the total
pension liability
20%
[Music]
20% there's no way that they can
ever get back they they've dug
themselves in such a deep hole they'll
never be able to get back and they
suggest just give us some time we'll dig
ourselves out of this mess we're going
to just get over this little hurdle
that's it we'll be fine it never worked
like that this is just one of those
examples and unfortunately if you're
relying on your pensions it's going to
be disastrous deductions they shouldn't
surprise anybody they've already drawn
drawn the line that I will
but year after year after year we can
expect more deductions that's just a
matter of fact and as these deductions
increase we have more of a burden upon
the system are there enough people
putting money into the Ponzi scheme and
taking out of it no but you'll find out
sooner or later how hard that's going to
hurt investment income plus
contributions in the millions and you
could see that while right now it's on a
decline this just suggest that year
after year it's going to be a slow and
steady decline that
assumes that nothing of a catastrophe
occurs that just we go on the same
trajectory of the stock market
increasing unemployment fake
unemployment levels going downward and
everything
else what's going to happen you tell me
but if you're relying on this I think
you're going to be in big trouble
personally net cash flow again this is
uh expected to decline as the years go
on that just shows me how poorly managed
these Pension funds are you could just
take a basket of
stocks simple basket of stocks on your
major
exchanges and invest you'll do a lot
better than these Pension funds I mean
there's you don't need to have any
intelligence whatsoever just pick the
top stocks and go based on performance
over the last few years you you'll do
better than these Pension funds but
unfortunately that's not the way it
works they're literally using these
Pension funds to take money away from
you it's a silly scheme that's been
allowed to operate and it's doing quite
well for them cash and Investments this
is declining as well I've said enough
let me move on switch gears for just a
moment with all of this we have seen the
richest of the rich people getting
richer and we see the middle class being
essentially something of out of History
the middle class will be wiped out go to
any developing nation and you will see
that there is a very small middle class
most people find themselves in the lower
class or the very rich and that's just
the way it works because you have these
systems which have been put in place
purposely to allow that to happen I'll
help up my friends waren Buffett's going
to help out his friends Bill Gates and
all the others but everybody else under
him you're going to be in big trouble
that's the way this works the
contrasting Fortune of rich and poor in
the decade since the start of the
financial crisis are starkly illustrated
by a new report showing the young and
those renting homes struggling with the
top 1% have now recouped all the ground
that they lost during the world's worst
postc world war slump so what we're
talking about here is the richest of the
rich people have recuperated all of
their losses and they're doing very well
since however though other the other
people unfortunately are doing quite
terribly so new research from the
resolution Foundation show that
households with incomes of 275,000 or
more more quickly recover from the
impact of the recession and have seen
their share of national income return to
the level before
2007 and essentially we have a big
problem with the other
99% having trouble making ends meet so
you have these people doing extremely
well and then you have the other people
who can't pay their bills that's what's
going to happen and the Pension funds
are just one small piece of the puzzle
unfortunately it's going to to hit
people very hard when it comes to
Pension funds if you think that they
will for sure pay you back I've got a
bridge to sell you and uh that's all I
want to say about this and last but not
least just one quick note genetically
modified mosquitoes you know with the
zika virus still going on today they
have
seen a resolution to that at least they
believe so and that is Brazil Panama
Cayman Islands and India releasing
genetically modified mosquitoes to fix
the problem now they're suggesting that
this can actually wipe out these
populations of these zika containing
mosquitoes maybe they're right maybe
it's true but what are they doing to the
ecosystem as a result well they don't
know but they're simply reacting now
there is one corporation which has been
profiting all along the way oxitec they
have been doing a very very good job at
making it known that their products are
very important that their products are
necessary for you and I to be let's just
say accustomed to everywhere so they're
just going to be able to release a lot
of these genetically modified mosquitoes
who knows what's going to happen nobody
does but I can assure you one thing
oxitec is going to do very well if you
found this video informative then please
give me a thumbs up when you give me a
thumbs up it helps to push these videos
videos higher up in the YouTube search
rankings so I do appreciate that very
much and last but not least if you found
the video informative I know you will
find my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative you can flip through
the books at Amazon there's a link in
the description the first book is about
the four asset classes and how to profit
from it whereas my new release is about
tax incentives reducing your monthly
expenses becoming self-sufficient solar
panels all that sort of thing take a
look at at Amazon over there and there's
so much more in the links down below
take a look I just wanted to mention the
fact that I have been receiving an
extremely large amount of comments of
emails it's very very difficult to get
back I try to respond to as many people
as possible you know that I'm one of the
YouTubers out there who actually does
reply to people so I hope you're
appreciating that very much and just if
you want to guaranteed get a reply from
me then definitely email me that is at
davidthe gps.com I do reply to everyone
just want to let you know that there is
a delay in the amount of time where I
can get back to people but I will get
back to so take care